Document agent job tokens (#2609)
buildkite/docs: pages/agent/v3/tokens.md

Agent tokens are specific to each Buildkite organization, and can be used to register an agent with any [queue](/docs/agent/v3/queues). Agent tokens can not be shared between organizations.

## Session and job tokens

> During registration, the agent exchanges the agent token for a session token. The session token lasts for the lifetime of the agent and is used to request and start new jobs. When each job is started, the agent gets a job token specific to that job. The job token is exposed to the job as the [environment variable](/docs/pipelines/environment-variables) `BUILDKITE_AGENT_ACCESS_TOKEN`, and is used by the various CLI commands (including [annotate](/docs/agent/v3/cli-annotate), [artifact](/docs/agent/v3/cli-artifact), [meta-data](/docs/agent/v3/cli-meta-data) and [pipeline](/docs/agent/v3/cli-pipeline) commands). Job tokens are valid until the job finishes. To ensure job tokens have a limited lifetime, you can set a default or maximum [command timeout](/docs/pipelines/build-timeouts#command-timeouts).

Reviewer: `request and start new jobs` or `request and accept new jobs`?

Author: You're right, technically it's accept not start. But these docs are for customers. It felt like start would make more sense to the average person and is true enough.

Reviewer: ah yep that makes complete sense, cheers!

> During registration, the agent exchanges the agent token for a session token. The session token lasts for the lifetime of the agent and is used to request and start new jobs. When each job is started, the agent gets a job token specific to that job. The job token is exposed to the job as the [environment variable](/docs/pipelines/environment-variables) `BUILDKITE_AGENT_ACCESS_TOKEN`, and is used by the various CLI commands (including [annotate](/docs/agent/v3/cli-annotate), [artifact](/docs/agent/v3/cli-artifact), [meta-data](/docs/agent/v3/cli-meta-data) and [pipeline](/docs/agent/v3/cli-pipeline) commands). Job tokens are valid until the job finishes. To ensure job tokens have a limited lifetime, you can set a default or maximum [command timeout](/docs/pipelines/build-timeouts#command-timeouts).

Reviewer 2: This looks fantastic! Not really essential but the only thing is it's a long paragraph, you might consider breaking it up a bit?
```suggestion
During registration, the agent exchanges the agent token for a session token. The session token lasts for the lifetime of the agent and is used to request and start new jobs. When each job is started, the agent gets a job token specific to that job. The job token is exposed to the job as the [environment variable](/docs/pipelines/environment-variables) `BUILDKITE_AGENT_ACCESS_TOKEN`, and is used by the various CLI commands (including [annotate](/docs/agent/v3/cli-annotate), [artifact](/docs/agent/v3/cli-artifact), [meta-data](/docs/agent/v3/cli-meta-data) and [pipeline](/docs/agent/v3/cli-pipeline) commands). 

Job tokens are valid until the job finishes. To ensure job tokens have a limited lifetime, you can set a default or maximum [command timeout](/docs/pipelines/build-timeouts#command-timeouts).
```

Agent tokens are specific to each Buildkite organization, and can be used to register an agent with any [queue](/docs/agent/v3/queues). Agent tokens can not be shared between organizations.

## Session and job tokens

> During registration, the agent exchanges the agent token for a session token. The session token lasts for the lifetime of the agent and is used to request and start new jobs. When each job is started, the agent gets a job token specific to that job. The job token is exposed to the job as the [environment variable](/docs/pipelines/environment-variables) `BUILDKITE_AGENT_ACCESS_TOKEN`, and is used by the various CLI commands (including [annotate](/docs/agent/v3/cli-annotate), [artifact](/docs/agent/v3/cli-artifact), [meta-data](/docs/agent/v3/cli-meta-data) and [pipeline](/docs/agent/v3/cli-pipeline) commands).

Reviewer 3: Every agent has 1 token it exchanges for a session token @mbelton-buildkite so **the agent exchanges its agent token** is correct :)

> During registration, the agent exchanges the agent token for a session token. The session token lasts for the lifetime of the agent and is used to request and start new jobs. When each job is started, the agent gets a job token specific to that job. The job token is exposed to the job as the [environment variable](/docs/pipelines/environment-variables) `BUILDKITE_AGENT_ACCESS_TOKEN`, and is used by the various CLI commands (including [annotate](/docs/agent/v3/cli-annotate), [artifact](/docs/agent/v3/cli-artifact), [meta-data](/docs/agent/v3/cli-meta-data) and [pipeline](/docs/agent/v3/cli-pipeline) commands).

Reviewer 4: Awesome, I've added that change to the other suggestions for that paragraph.

Job tokens are valid until the job finishes. To ensure job tokens have a limited lifetime, you can set a default or maximum [command timeout](/docs/pipelines/build-timeouts#command-timeouts).

> | Token type    | Used for                                                                                                                                                                                              | Lifetime                        |
> |---------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------|
> | Agent token   | Registering new agents                                                                                                                                                                                | Forever unless manually revoked |
> | Session token | Agent lifecycle APIs and starting jobs                                                                                                                                                                | Until the agent disconnects     |
> | Job token     | Job APIs (including [annotate](/docs/agent/v3/cli-annotate), [artifact](/docs/agent/v3/cli-artifact), [meta-data](/docs/agent/v3/cli-meta-data) and [pipeline](/docs/agent/v3/cli-pipeline) commands) | Until the job finishes          |

Reviewer 4: Markdown tables get unwieldy very quickly, so best to use HTML:

```suggestion
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Token type</th>
    <th>Use</th>
    <th>Lifetime</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Agent token</td>
    <td>Registering new agents.</td>
    <td>Forever unless manually revoked.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Session token</td>
    <td>Agent lifecycle APIs and starting jobs.</td>
    <td>Until the agent disconnects.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Job token</td>
    <td>Job APIs (including <a href="/docs/agent/v3/cli-annotate">annotate</a>,  <a href="/docs/agent/v3/cli-artifact">artifact</a>,  <a href="/docs/agent/v3/cli-meta-data">meta-data</a> and  <a href="/docs/agent/v3/cli-pipeline">pipeline</a> commands).</td>
    <td>Until the job finishes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
```

I've also added some periods and updated the "Used for" heading to be more parallel with the others.

> Note: Agents prior to v3.39.0 do not support job tokens and will use the session token for the `BUILDKITE_AGENT_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variable and the job APIs.

Reviewer 4: We have some syntax to display this nicely as a callout:

```suggestion
>📘 Job tokens not supported in agents prior to v3.39.0
> Agents prior to v3.39.0 use the session token for the `BUILDKITE_AGENT_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variable and the job APIs.
```
This will display as follows:

![CleanShot 2024-01-12 at 12 04 28](https://github.com/buildkite/docs/assets/119824349/44149cd5-7aa4-4e55-b2ef-3384d0369432)
